[DOCS] Clarify field data cache behavior (#64375)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/mapping/fields/id-field.asciidoc

Each document has an `_id` that uniquely identifies it, which is indexed
so that documents can be looked up either with the <<docs-get,GET API>> or the

> <<query-dsl-ids-query,`ids` query>>. The `_id` can either be assigned at
> indexing time, or a unique `_id` can be generated by {es}. This field is not
> configurable.

Reviewer: I don't know if `configurable` is clear here.
```suggestion
<<query-dsl-ids-query,`ids` query>>. You can specify a unique `_id` in the
indexing request or let {es} generate one. However, you can't change an existing
document's `_id`.
```

Reviewer 2: I think that Wylie means that you con't configure the mapping of the `_id` field as opposed to the value of the `_id` field.

The value of the `_id` field is only accessible in certain queries (`term`,
`terms`, `match`, `query_string`, `simple_query_string`), but is restricted

> from use in aggregations, sorting, or scripting. For those use cases the

Reviewer 3: I liked the wording 'duplicate the content', I thought it made the recommendation more clear.

  "text": "Document with ID 1"
}

> POST my-index-000001/_doc/?refresh=true

Reviewer 3: I think we should undo this change, it feels weird to be mixing auto-generated and custom IDs ?

<1> Querying on the `_id` field (also see the <<query-dsl-ids-query,`ids` query>>)

The `_id` field is by default not available by default for use with aggregations or sorting.
To aggregate or sort by the `_id` field, it is recommended to 

> duplicate the `_id` field onto a `keyword` field using the <<copy-to, `copy_to` mapping parameter>>.

Reviewer 3: I just realized that it's not possible to use `copy_to` with the `_id` mapper, this only works for custom IDs where the user can manually duplicate the ID into another field.
